README.md, before:

# Leetcode-solutions
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum) |
| [0219-contains-duplicate-ii](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0219-contains-duplicate-ii) |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
| [0917-boats-to-save-people](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0917-boats-to-save-people) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
| [0917-boats-to-save-people](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0917-boats-to-save-people) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0917-boats-to-save-people](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0917-boats-to-save-people) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
| [0917-boats-to-save-people](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0917-boats-to-save-people) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0076-minimum-window-substring](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0076-minimum-window-substring) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0219-contains-duplicate-ii](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0219-contains-duplicate-ii) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0076-minimum-window-substring](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0076-minimum-window-substring) |
| [0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum) |
| [0219-contains-duplicate-ii](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0219-contains-duplicate-ii) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0076-minimum-window-substring](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0076-minimum-window-substring) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum) |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0206-reverse-linked-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0206-reverse-linked-list) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0206-reverse-linked-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0206-reverse-linked-list) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

0019-REMOVE-NTH-NODE-FROM-END-OF-LIST Stats: Time: 0 ms (100%), Space: 15 MB (58.96%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# Leetcode-solutions
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum) |
| [0219-contains-duplicate-ii](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0219-contains-duplicate-ii) |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
| [0917-boats-to-save-people](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0917-boats-to-save-people) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
| [0917-boats-to-save-people](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0917-boats-to-save-people) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0917-boats-to-save-people](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0917-boats-to-save-people) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
| [0917-boats-to-save-people](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0917-boats-to-save-people) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0042-trapping-rain-water](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0042-trapping-rain-water) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0076-minimum-window-substring](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0076-minimum-window-substring) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0219-contains-duplicate-ii](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0219-contains-duplicate-ii) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0076-minimum-window-substring](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0076-minimum-window-substring) |
| [0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum) |
| [0219-contains-duplicate-ii](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0219-contains-duplicate-ii) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
| [0076-minimum-window-substring](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0076-minimum-window-substring) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum) |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0209-minimum-size-subarray-sum) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0658-find-k-closest-elements](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0658-find-k-closest-elements) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0206-reverse-linked-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0206-reverse-linked-list) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0206-reverse-linked-list](https://github.com/G-Samarth/Leetcode-solutions/tree/master/0206-reverse-linked-list) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
